--- 
layout: post
title: 3-22-2022
---

Lately I have felt like I should leave this area of New Jersey.  I never wanted to live in South Jersey after being told I had ten days to leave the room I was renting originally.  I like South Jersey but there are places that I don’t go to specifically because it reminds me of bad memories.  I am just trying to overcome it and try to not overgeneralize.

Originally, I was wanting to move to North Jersey for that reason alone.  Also, I just really love New York City.  I went over the weekend and enjoyed my time visiting the museum at FIT.  I went to the Fashion in the Nineties exhibit and the Asian Americans in New York Fashion: Design, Labor, Innovation exhibit. All the dresses, shoes, and accessories were beautiful.  I took a lot of photos.  I also stopped by the Hudson River to eat lunch and saw a lot of people running in the Lower West Side. I feel like I could fit right in.  I went to Soho after and bought an outfit. I had an eye for a lot of cute things to get but I am trying to be frugal, and the outfit was kind of a necessity.  I then randomly stumbled upon Elizabeth Street Garden. It’s a place with statues and areas where you can sit and hangout with friends and family.  The city is attempting to terminate the lease of the garden so the community is rallying in support to save it so I decided since I can’t volunteer to at least donate. 

Later that evening, I walked back to NY Penn station to go back to New Jersey.  I was a bit shocked walking into the transit because as I was trying to find a seat in a crowd full of people when I think I walked past this guy that was sitting down already that I had a crush on last year.  I don’t know if it was him but it looked just like him.  I couldn’t say anything because I was too shy to ask.  I’ve also had to force myself to move on and I feel better now. 

The next morning, I went for my Sunday long run around the Princeton area and saw everyone volunteering and cleaning up the sidewalks and trails.  I like running around the Delaware and Raritan Canal because it has a long pathway of trails and scenery.  I also went to Sourland preserve and hung out with my friend, Dan.  It was our first time there and it was nice and there was a view of New York from afar.

I just feel like now I should go to a city because I like being around a lot of people.  It feels good to be surrounded by a large diversity of people from all backgrounds.  It has been rough being unemployed, but I am going to try to stick it out with my lease until the end of November unless I am struggling too much financially.  I am still looking for rooms to rent online on multiple sites because I am not having much luck.  

Apart of me just wants to say screw this and leave the country.  I really would love to live somewhere out of the United States.  I hope that is the case one day.  I am still selling stuff and preparing to return to just renting out a room again.  My plan is to save up again but use my money for tuition and travel expenses to leave.  That’s what I should have done but I had a crush on someone here and I have family in New York that kept me nearby and I was also going to school and focusing on my hobbies.

Anyways, I have a lot of things I need to do. Have a great day! 
